what's up guys today I'm just gonna be
showing you how to get the new iPhone 5s
feature the slow motion feature on any I
device to be honest this is a future
where basically the video on your iPhone
on life iPhone 5s camera can shoot in um
I think it was 1080p while I'm not sure
I don't exactly know the specific
variables for it but there is a Cydia
tweak that allows you to get it on any I
device basically but I do not really
advice is for anyone using the iPhone 3
or iPhone 3GS and all that and all that
iPhone 4 and iPhone 4s the one that I
have now it's it's decent but you know
it's not as smooth this iPhone 5s of
course because only technical side of
things the iPhone 5 iPhone 5s is a lot
better than for us of course but I'm
pretty sure this could work on the
iPhone 5 so yeah just give it a shot
okay well first off to install you're
just gonna go Cydia
just let that load up
and you won't have to add any repos
because this already comes with the
BigBoss repo so you're gonna type in is
slow slow slow my mods okay and you just
gonna install that around the corner
there alright now once that's installed
you will have to respring and after all
you're gonna do is go into settings
scroll down and find it and from here
all you have to adjust or weld is that
I'll explain this feature in a second
but first off on the Mogu framerate I
guess
it's got something to do with the the
type of camera you have and I'm pretty
sure for the iPhone 4s you you can only
shoot in 30 frames per second I think
yeah I think that's how it works but the
iPhone 5s I think can record at 120 fps
as it says here yeah so 30 frames per
second is advised for I for the iPhone
4s and as you can see and here it shows
this is a slo-mo range 0.25 is that's
the normal set with a slo-mo and here it
says 60 times 0.25 equals 15 fps so yeah
that's how it's going to turn out like
you can just press for slow-mo for all
videos this feature basically allows you
to add and add the slow-motion effect to
any video that you already have on your
phone and to me that's pretty cool but I
don't have it on at the moment so yeah
I'll just give you an example ok so from
here you should have your normal menu
with video photo square and pano
but to the left here it should say well
um I don't know why it has a text error
at the moment like I'm not sure but they
need to update it pretty sure and see it
says like Sal Sal um in Decatur Texas
something like that but it's the work so
yeah basically you can tell that it's
shooting 30 frames per second because
that's all my phone can do all right so
once once you go to your photos and
videos it's gonna obviously come up with
this way I don't know if you can see
that but I'll just zoom in that bar
right there in between these bars that
is going to be the stuff part where it
is slowed down so all you're gonna do is
just add where you want the slow motion
effect to kick in throughout the video
and obviously this is in a proper video
but I will show one after I finish this
tutorial so yeah i will show you one
that I've already pre recorded um but
yeah that's basically it so I'll just
clearly play this
still in slow motion and yep
it even has it even has the UM slow
motion part in and out where I don't
know it makes that weird sound effect
but it adds a little a little bit of a I
know more feel to it I guess
alright guys thanks for watching like
subscribe and comment and this is the
app where I'm signing up